Kapacitor 1.6.0 jstirnaman (#2684)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/working/api.md

| 400  | Unknown action                     |
| 404  | The specified store does not exist |

## Users
Kapacitor exposes operations to manage users.

### List all users

> To list users, send a GET request to the `/kapacitor/v1/users` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list users, use the GET request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users` endpoint.
```

#### Example
```sh
curl GET "http://localhost:9092/kapacitor/v1/users"
```

### Create a user

> To create a user, POST to the `/kapacitor/v1/users` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a user, use the POST request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users` endpoint.
```

> Define a user as a JSON object with the following properties:
> | Property    | Purpose                                                                                   |
> | --------    | -------                                                                                   |
> | name          | The username.                      |
> | password | A password for the user. |
> | type        | The type of user, `user` or `admin`. See [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user).                                                      |
> | permissions | A list of valid user permission strings. Any of `none`, `api`, `config_api`, `write_points`, `all`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a user as a JSON object with the following properties:

| Property    | Description                                                                                |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name        | Username                                                                                   |
| password    | Password                                                                                   |
| type        | User type  (`user` or `admin`, _see [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user)_)       |
| permissions | List of valid user permission strings (`none`, `api`, `config_api`, `write_points`, `all`) 
```

#### Example

> ```sh
> curl -XPOST "http://localhost:9092/kapacitor/v1/users" -d '{ "name": "stan", "password": "pass", "type":"normal", "permissions":["config_api"] }'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
curl --XPOST 'http://localhost:9092/kapacitor/v1/users' \
  --data '{
    "name": "stan",
    "password": "pass",
    "type":"normal",
    "permissions": ["config_api"]
}'
```
```

### Update a user

> To update a user, PATCH to the `/kapacitor/v1/users/<name>` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a user, use the PATCH request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users/<name>` endpoint.
```

Define a modified user as a JSON object with the following properties:

> | Property    | Purpose                                                                                   |
> | --------    | -------                                                                                   |
> | password | A password for the user. |
> | type        | The type of user, `user` or `admin`. See [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user).                                                      |
> | permissions | A list of valid user permission strings. Any of `none`, `api`, `config_api`, `write_points`, `all`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property    | Purpose                                                                                    |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| password    | Password                                                                                   |
| type        | User type (`user` or `admin`, _see [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user)_)        |
| permissions | List of valid user permission strings (`none`, `api`, `config_api`, `write_points`, `all`) |
```

#### Example
```sh
curl -XPATCH "http://localhost:9092/kapacitor/v1/users/bob" -d '{ "password": "pass", "type":"admin", "permissions":["all"] }'
```

### Delete a user

> To delete a user, send a DELETE request to the `/kapacitor/v1/users/<name>` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a user, use the DELETE request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users/<name>` endpoint.
```

| 400  | Unknown action                     |
| 404  | The specified store does not exist |

## Users
Kapacitor exposes operations to manage users.

### List all users
To list users, use the GET request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users` endpoint.

#### Example
```sh
curl GET "http://localhost:9092/kapacitor/v1/users"
```

### Create a user
To create a user, use the POST request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users` endpoint.

Define a user as a JSON object with the following properties:

| Property    | Description                                                                                |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name        | Username                                                                                   |
| password    | Password                                                                                   |

> | type        | User type  (`user` or `admin`, _see [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user)_)       |

Author: ```suggestion
| type        | User type  (`normal` or `admin`, _see [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user)_)       |
```

| permissions | List of valid user permission strings (`none`, `api`, `config_api`, `write_points`, `all`) 

#### Example
```sh
curl --XPOST 'http://localhost:9092/kapacitor/v1/users' \
  --data '{
    "name": "stan",
    "password": "pass",
    "type":"normal",
    "permissions": ["config_api"]
}'

### Update a user
To update a user, use the PATCH request method with the `/kapacitor/v1/users/<name>` endpoint.

Define a modified user as a JSON object with the following properties:

| Property    | Purpose                                                                                    |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| password    | Password                                                                                   |

> | type        | User type (`user` or `admin`, _see [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user)_)        |

Author: ```suggestion
| type        | User type (`normal` or `admin`, _see [User](/influxdb/v1.6/concepts/glossary/#user)_)        |
```
